Updated project setup instructions, and clarified chs 1-5 (#104)
nashville-software-school/bangazon-llc: book-2-levelup/chapters/LU_AUTHENTICATION.md

## Understanding Auth Tokens

> Tokens are used by a server and its clients to uniquely identify each of the clients. For your application, when a user fills out the registration form, the following process occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokens are used by a server and its clients. When the user first registers on the client a unique token is created for that user. The client uses the token in all fetch calls to the server to identify the user making the request.  For your application, when a user fills out the registration form, the following process occurs:
```

## Auth Package Imports

> The `auth` directory is going to become a package so that other modules can import the functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `views` directory is going to become a package so that other modules can import the functions. We tell our code it should be a module by adding an `__init__.py` file to the directory.
```
